Hello, I am Wei. 💬
======

### Project Name: ChatBot-python

### Date: Nov 8, 2023

### Description:

### Technologies Used:
- **Python**: python programming language
- **Flask**: A lightweight Python web application framework used for rapid development of web applications.
- **CSS**
- **HTML**
- **REST API**
- **Bootstrap**

### Project Structure:：
- `static`
  - `style.css`: Defining the appearance and style of elements on a webpage.
- `templates`
  - `chat.html`: Markup the content structure on the webpage, such as text, images, and links.
- `app.py`: It implements a conversational app based on the DialoGPT-medium model using the Flask framework and the Hugging Face transformers library.

### Example:


### Notice:
#### 1. Framework - Flask

1-1. **Import Flask modules and create the application**

- `Flask` is a lightweight web application framework that allows you to easily build and deploy web applications.
  
- `render_template` is used to render HTML templates.
  
- `request` allows you to access user request data.
  
- `jsonify` is used to convert dictionaries or other structured data into JSON format.

```python
from flask import Flask, render_template, request, jsonify

app = Flask(__name__)
```

1-2. **Define the home page route**

- The `@app.route("/")` decorator specifies the function to execute when users access the root path of the application.

- `render_template('chat.html')` returns an HTML template, in this case, 'chat.html'.

```python
@app.route("/")
def index():
    return render_template('chat.html')
```

1-3. **Define the route to handle chat requests**

- `@app.route("/get", methods=["GET", "POST"])` specifies the "/get" route and declares that this route can handle both GET and POST requests.

- `request.form["msg"]` is used to retrieve form data named "msg" from a POST request.

- `get_Chat_response(input)` processes user input and returns the corresponding chat response.

```python
@app.route("/get", methods=["GET", "POST"])
def chat():
    msg = request.form["msg"]
    input = msg
    return get_Chat_response(input)
```

1-4. **Define the chat response function**

This function processes user input and returns the chat response generated by the model. In your example, the code for model-generated responses would be placed within this function.

```python
def get_Chat_response(text):...
```

1-5. **Run the application**

This code ensures that the application runs only when the script is executed directly, not when it's imported into other scripts.

```python
if __name__ == '__main__':
    app.run()
```

#### 2. Hugging Face - Transformers Library

2-1. **Load Pretrained Model**

- AutoTokenizer: This class handles the tokenization of the model, converting input into a format understandable by the model.

- AutoModelForCausalLM: This class, associated with the model, is responsible for loading and using the model.

```python
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer

tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("microsoft/DialoGPT-medium")
model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("microsoft/DialoGPT-medium")
```
2-2. **Process Model Input**

- Use the tokenizer to convert user input into a format the model can process. Here, the encode function is used, and the result is converted into a PyTorch tensor.

```python
new_user_input_ids = tokenizer.encode(str(text) + tokenizer.eos_token, return_tensors='pt')
```

2-3. **Perform Inference**

- Use the generate function for model inference, generating the model's response. Specify the maximum generation length and the end token's ID.
  
```python
chat_history_ids = model.generate(bot_input_ids, max_length=1000, pad_token_id=tokenizer.eos_token_id)
```

2-4. **Process Model Output**

- Use the decode function of the tokenizer to convert the model-generated tokens into human-readable text. Additionally, skip_special_tokens is used here to exclude special tokens from the generated output.

```python
tokenizer.decode(chat_history_ids[:, bot_input_ids.shape[-1]:][0], skip_special_tokens=True)
```

### Update Log:
- Version 1.0.0 (Nov 08, 2023)

***
### Thanks:

💬 I hope you enjoy this project! If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to reach out at any time. 💬

✉️ HTY140226@gmail.com

